Bitoomba-Blackjack
==================

Bitoomba blackjack is one of the games offered by Bitoomba that will surely capture your interests and ignite your bitcoin gambling life. With its simplicity lies the fact that you can surely earn bitcoins easily. More than that, luck is not the only thing you need to get a victory; as this bitcoin game needs your skill and strategies to battle it out to bag great fortune of bitcoins.  The Bitcoin blackjack we offer is provably fair and comes in an HTML 5 version which is mobile friendly. Here at Bitoomba, you can ultimately make sure that Bitoomba blackjack will give you nothing but only the best experience in playing your favorite Bitcoin blackjack game.  Bitoomba blackjack is simple to understand so it is easy to play. The rules of this bitcoin game are not at all different from the typical one. The main goal you have for this game is get a total score of 21 based on the cards in your hand. If not, you must always aim a score higher than the dealer for you to emerge as the winner. Also, for you to be a winner, you must know this Bitoomba game like the back of your hand. Moreover, you also need blackjack strategies as armors so you can easily get your goal.  First, you must have a good grasp of the card values. You must remember that cards numbered 2 to 10 represents their face values, face cards like Jack, King, and the Queen are worth 10 points each, and the Ace Card can have either 1 or 11 points depending on the player’s choice.  After knowing the values of the card, the next thing for you to know are the basic terms used. The first thing is the “Bust”. This term means that the total of the cards in your hand exceeds 21; hence, that would result to an instant loss. Initially, you are given two cards and the next term “Hit” is about having another card to increase your score if you are not yet satisfied. The opposite for that term is “Stand” which means you will not get an additional card as you are confident with the score you have. The last but not the least is the term “Push” which means you and the dealer have the same score so no one either wins or lose.
